`azurerm_linux_function_app`, `azurerm_linux_function_app_slot` - support for the `vnet_image_pull_enabled` property. (#25249)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_function_app.html.markdown

~> **Note:** Assigning the `virtual_network_subnet_id` property requires [RBAC permissions on the subnet](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-vnet-integration#permissions)

> * `vnet_image_pull_enabled` - (Optional) Should the traffic for the image pull be routed over virtual network enabled. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Can we rephrase this to 
```suggestion
* `vnet_image_pull_enabled` - (Optional) Specifies whether traffic for the image pull should be routed over virtual network. Defaults to `false`.
```

> ~> **Note:** The feature can also be enabled via the app setting `WEBSITE_PULL_IMAGE_OVER_VNET`.

Reviewer: What happens when a user sets this through the app settings block. Will they get a diff? Also what is the behaviour vice versa?

It looks like this property might need to be managed like `WEBSITE_VNET_ROUTE_ALL`/`vnet_route_all_enabled`

> ~> **Note:** The feature can also be enabled via the app setting `WEBSITE_PULL_IMAGE_OVER_VNET`. The Setting is enabled by default for app running in the App Service Environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** The feature can also be enabled via the app setting `WEBSITE_PULL_IMAGE_OVER_VNET`. Must be set to `true` when running in an App Service Environment. 
```

~> **Note:** Assigning the `virtual_network_subnet_id` property requires [RBAC permissions on the subnet](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/overview-vnet-integration#permissions)

> [//]: # (todo: add it in 4.0 provider)

Reviewer: Same with the comment above, can we make this 
```suggestion
[//]: # (TODO 4.0 add it in 4.0 provider)
```
So it's consistent and easier to find
